This directory hold the results of experiments of Project 2 as well as the final paper. The following will describe the contents of each folder.

Experiment1_Adagrad:
Experiment1_Adagrad holds the experiments where the optimizer function was changed to adagrad. Inside the folder is a Results folder which has quantitative results of the model, a summary file which holds the summary of all epochs, and a top_ids file which gives us the top five classified ids for each image in the validation set. The first id is the top 1 id predicted. The ipynb, py and pdf of the experiments are also provided.

Experiment2_RMSProp:
Experiment2_RMSProp holds the experiments where the optimizer function was changed to RMSProp. Inside the folder is a Results folder which has quantitative results of the model, a summary file which holds the summary of all epochs, and a top_ids file which gives us the top five classified ids for each image in the validation set. The first id is the top 1 id predicted. The ipynb, py and pdf of the experiments are also provided.

Experiment3_Adam:
Experiment3_Adam holds the experiments where the optimizer function was changed to Adam. Inside the folder is a Results folder which has quantitative results of the model, a summary file which holds the summary of all epochs, and a top_ids file which gives us the top five classified ids for each image in the validation set. The first id is the top 1 id predicted. The ipynb, py and pdf of the experiments are also provided.

Experiment4_MaxPool:
Experiment4_MaxPool holds the experiments where the global pool layer was changed to max pool instead of average pool. Inside the folder is a Results folder which has quantitative results of the model, a summary file which holds the summary of all epochs, and a top_ids file which gives us the top five classified ids for each image in the validation set. The first id is the top 1 id predicted. The ipynb, py and pdf of the experiments are also provided.

Experiment5_ActivationFunction:
Experiment5_ActivationFunction holds the experiments where Adam was used as optimizer (since it performed the best) and activation function Elu was used. Inside the folder is a Results folder which has quantitative results of the model, a summary file which holds the summary of all epochs, and a top_ids file which gives us the top five classified ids for each image in the validation set. The first id is the top 1 id predicted. The ipynb, py and pdf of the experiments are also provided.

Final Report:
The folder titled Final Report holds the final paper for Project 2


